idea what's going on it's Mackenzie here
and I'm Lisa and watch the raw food for
kids and we just finished up having a
nice lunch just had a nice tomato corn
salad and now Mackenzie said she wants
ice cream right back NZ so really easy
to make ice cream we're making a vegan
ice cream this time to keep it raw vegan
you just uh well we're gonna make a
chocolate banana ice cream okay and for
the chocolate part I'm gonna use a
little bit of a cocoa powder which is
not raw but we're gonna make them so it
that's gonna make it a vegan ice cream
but oh no this is the easiest way to
make ice cream is to freeze some bananas
it's got two bananas that just slice up
throw in the freezer and you could just
take the bananas in itself put in the
blender and you have instant banana ice
cream when I kick that up a notch add a
little bit of agave honey maple syrup
sweetener of your choice if you want not
even necessary throw in some almond
butter you know make like a almond
butter banana or peanut butter or
whatever um and it comes out really
really creamy just like ice cream it's
delicious and in this case I'm gonna try
doing a chocolate banana so all I've got
here is I've got two bananas that we
have put in the freezer and I got my
food processor here this seems to work
best
Carter than a blender oh sorry honey you
want to put the last few in there and
then to make a chocolaty I'm gonna put
in a spoonful of cocoa powder someone
put in its a tablespoon of cocoa powder
I'm gonna put in two tablespoons of
cocoa powder make it chocolate
tablespoons okay two tablespoons of
cocoa powder and have a little bit of a
God they here off to the side if I think
that it needs it but these bananas are
so sweet I think we'll probably be okay
without it last little bit
all right ready turning on show them how
we make ice cream all right put it on it
turn this one right here a little
spatula just kind of scrape down the
sides but you will see that as the
bananas just become just a tad bit
softened it bounced right into ice cream
that's right baby we make an ice cream I
turn that one honey
I'm gonna add about the Gaul based it
taste I'm gonna put I'm gonna put a
little tablespoon of agave in just cuz
it is desert one little tablespoon of
agave and I think we're almost done here
Lamia push it down when we're towing
here it's coming along here baby
yummy so this is sort of not only dairy
free it
I mean it's desert and it's a super fit
for you so anytime Mackenzie asked for
ice cream I don't mind giving it's her
she's gonna eat whole banana all right I
think it's done now all right guys the
finale show you just how don't believe
me and how easy it is to make healthy
ice cream okay tell me what that looks
like
look at this if I if I put that in a
bowl for somebody
I will bet a million dollars that
someone says that that is ice cream and
let's give it a taste here chocolate
banana ice cream mmm
is that good you want to bowl with that
Mackenzie mmm that's pretty darn good
yeah so easy why torture yourself with
having coordinates of ice cream and the
freezer and you sit there and you bend
down to eat half the card and you feel
guilty in you Jim for three hours and
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah just
just make it fresh every time healthy
satisfy your sweet tooth and you're good
to go so I'm gonna dish up a couple
bowls here for for us for dessert and
we're gonna enjoy our ice cream yeah
when that boom all right baby yeah so
I'm subscribed these videos hope you
enjoy this one this has got to be one of
the easiest desserts look at that
just freeze your bananas make sure
they're nice and ripe there will be
super sweet and you can fold in some
toppings if you wanted some chocolate
nuts
all right baby put in it too all right
all right so that's that eat happy foods
me kids would tell anybody eat happy
foods he's happy she's excited about our
ice cream all right thanks for watching
guys stay tuned talk to you
yeah